
Week 2 :

02/24 - 03/02 : Pain Points and User Story
During this week teams will be answering the following questions 
Who are your constituents/clients/users? 

(Create User Persona(s))
- Customer (Household User):
A:B Class (High to Middle Class)
Family of 3:7
Lives in Cityside
Educated Family
- Partner (Collectors)
Age: 18:54 years old
Gender: Any (Females Prefered)
Education: No schooling completed (to) High school graduate, diploma or the equivalent
Employment Status: Homeless (or) Out of work and looking for work (or) Refugee

Click the following to see full Profile "Persona":

shorturl.at/emAFG

What are their pain points?
- Customer (Household User):
Regular collection of households’ waste
- Partner (Collectors)
Safety
Secured Income
Social Integration with society



What is your product's value proposition?

Offering a Shared Employment model to support disadvantaged segment
Waste Traceability 
Rewarding System to Platform Stakeholders
Smart Recycling Bins (Provided by business partners)
Marketing Channel for Business Partners


What are your distribution and go-to-market strategy? 

Pull/Push Strategy (Pulling Business Partners, Vendors, and Regulators/ Pushing the proposition to the masses)
Hyper Markets and Warehouse Retails (Physical Smart Recycling Bins with Project Branding)
Regulated Social Org. Premise
Social Media (FB Communities, Twitter, YouTube)
Marketing Channels of Business and Regulatory Partners



Who can you partner with?

Producers of Retail goods and FCMG ex. (Unilever, P&G, Kraft|Hienz, Cocacola..etc.)
O&G Social Responsibility and Grants for Saving Environment
Regulated Social Organizations relevant to the topic



What are the risks associated with your solution?

Personal if Customers abused Partners (Collectors) or Collectors conflicted with Customers!!!
Trust issues between Household users and Collectors!
Conservative decision making and unfriendly with Crypto acceptance by regulators
Lack of funding!

What is the impact of your solution? How will it be measured?

Improve Homelessly people financial situation by offering a source of income
Increase the Recycling materials sourcing per/household and per/city
Decrease the number of abused homeless people due to lack of basic financial security
Decrease the number of unrecycled waste per/tonn/city

Define the technical specifications and development roadmap
technical specifications:
Mobile app based on React native
Smart contract using Solidity 
Consortium Blockchain network

Development roadmap


3rd - 5th March : Smart contracts Development
3rd - 7th March: UX design 
5th - 7th March: Blockchain network is up & running
7th - 8th March: Blockchain integration
7th - 14th March:  Mobile developement 
14th - 16th March: Testing the app


End of Week Deliverable  = User Persona, Pain Points, User Story
